Fixed Typos in Contributing.md (#18203)
brave/brave-browser: CONTRIBUTING.md

git fetch bsclifton
```

> Once you're set up, there's a few tips we can suggest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you're set up, there are a few tips we can suggest:
```

`tips` -> plural -> `there're` or `there are` (I chose the latter as it sounds a lot better).
